feat(curriculum): add Block 24 of the B1 stage of the English Curriculum (#60633)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-common-phrasal-verbs-and-idioms/68487efc94946b786ebb4c50.md

---
id: 68487efc94946b786ebb4c50
title: Task 10
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-10
---

<!-- (Audio) Brian: It's not fitting our current model. -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and answer the question below.

# --questions--

## --text--

Why does Brian think they should remove the in-office days clause from the remote work policy?

## --answers--

Because it doesn't match how the company works now.

---

Because the employees don't like coming to the office.

### --feedback--

Brian doesn't mention the employees' opinions.

---

Because it's already been removed from other policies.

### --feedback--

Brian doesn't mention other policies or past changes.

---

Because no one follows it anymore.

### --feedback--

Brian doesn't focus on whether people are following the model or not.

## --video-solution--

1

# --explanation--

> A `work model` is a structure or system that shows how a company organizes its work, like remote, hybrid, or in-office setups. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Model`​ refers to a structured framework or system that shows how something is organized or operates.

Here, Brian is talking about their `​work model​`, which defines how a company organizes its work, like remote, hybrid, or in-office setups. Another example:
```
